Allow predicate in Cols (#2881)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/working_with_dataframes.md

complex column selection scenarios (note that `Cols()` selects no columns while
`All()` selects all columns therefore `Cols` is a preferred selector if you
write generic code). Here are examples of using each of these selectors:

```jldoctest dataframe
julia> df = DataFrame(r=1, x1=2, x2=3, y=4)
1×4 DataFrame
 Row │ r      x1     x2     y
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      2      3      4

julia> df[:, Not(:r)] # drop :r column
1×3 DataFrame
 Row │ x1     x2     y
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     2      3      4

julia> df[:, Between(:r, :x2)] # keep columns between :r and :x2
1×3 DataFrame
 Row │ r      x1     x2
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼─────────────────────
   1 │     1      2      3

julia> df[:, All()] # keep all columns
1×4 DataFrame
 Row │ r      x1     x2     y
     │ Int64  Int64  Int64  Int64
─────┼────────────────────────────
   1 │     1      2      3      4

julia> df[:, Cols(x -> startswith(x, "x"))] # keep columns whose name starts with "x"
1×2 DataFrame
 Row │ x1     x2
     │ Int64  Int64
─────┼──────────────
   1 │     2      3
```

> The following examples show a more complex use of `Cols` selector and move all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples show a more complex use of the `Cols` selector, which moves all
```

columns whose names match `r"x"` regular expression respectively to the front

> and to the end of a data frame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and to the end of the data frame:
```
